Notes meeting with Appeals ref Schedulign process.  2012-10-15

Kevin Robbins
Mary Meade McKenzie
Crystal Drury
Michelle Stele (online)
Stephen Doody onsite.

Scheduling Process Start
Developers bring over cases... to The Scheduler.  
  
(Attorney), Fraud, Drug, Reporting, Interpreter...  Other
Remove the untimely cases:  

Note:  interpre-talk, on demand interpretation service, not scheduled excepting very rare languages.
Scheduled for the last am, or pm hearin (takes longer)
Time element (probable length)
Scheduling convenience.

Sends out's an email advising which week is currently being scheduled.  SO people can check that theor schedule is current,
 and so pre-schedules can send in their sheet.
 
"Assigned" until mailed, then it's "scheduled".

hearing notices are done through (4P) printing system, knet, to local printer ( Crystal's )
Support staff file original, mailing is a copy, folded, stuffed, and mail.
 
Discovery of "companion cases" may cause un-mailed hearings to be pulled and then re-worked. 
Define: "companion cases" two issues for the same parties, causes back to back hearings.

All attorney cases need to be pre-scheduled.

Call the attorneys office to let them pick the date of the week. 

Different referee's can hold (process)  different types of cases.

Referree, Categories, soft/subjective based on experience.

Has sheet has each referree includes their personal schedule, 
Sample?  
Asks the pre-schedulers for their sheets (cases already scheduled with Attorneys) 
reduces the available slots:
10 days notice (legal reg)

3-4 weeks out, sometimes can be planning more in advance.
Schedule is mailed 10 days in advance, could be earlier.
Cases may need to be "continued" re-scheduled due to circumstances.

Cases with multiple issues, consume multiple referre schedule slots (one per)
Each hearing is separate, with separate recording, swearing in, etc.
Separate (Appeals Docket) AD#'s

Reqmt candidate:  Shared master calendar:  
	Case to Ref mapping, based on experience.  
	Ability to reject allocated cases in rare circumstances approved by supervisor...

Other projects and assignments are allocated time in the schedule.
Proofing Teams (2).  5 hearings per day ,versus 6 (for standard referree) friday == 4
Weekly recurring meetings are accounted for.
Last Am and Pm slots reserved for attorneys...  (recent change)
or other complex cases (fillin is Fraud cases)

Circumstances that allow for continuation.
Referree: Illness, Emergency.

Party, Medical Emergency, Death of an immediate family member, Claimant got a job, Act Of God.
Referree discretion, to allow, or deny, worksheet sent back.
Hearing can run out of time, can be "continued for length" must go back to same referree.

Only continuations are re-scheduled.
Appeals to commission, cases remanded back to the same referree for additional questions...
Re-hearing requests (missed hearing) may be permitted by referree, 
before decision has been mailed, will be re-scheduled....

There are rules, as to which cases must go back to the same, or different, or any, referree.

Scheduling Process End










