Appeals Requirements Notes:  2012-10-09

Original Intent (HP Exstream Analysis).
A.  Process  the documents and get them moving: Needs the Siebel Upgrade.
B.  Generate the decision documents in an expeditious manner.

Note Synonyms(Hearing Officer, Referee)

Escalation Notes:

Basis of Appeals future fees and payments ?

Requirement:

Must accept new appeals from a Party online (portal, etc).

Appeals must have a docket number assigned, 
to each issue, that is associated with that 
appeal, as-of that Appeal date.

An issue must be adjudicated as timely or not
(business days rules).  
Hybrid (heteregenous) dockets (multiple types of media and physical objects are received)

Note:  All evidence of record is gathered by Appeals, no higher authority captures evidence, 
later reviews depend on whatever is already gathered.

Appeals and Remands are separte processes (different sequence of events and flows)
Remands may order additional evidence.

DCI: 			Determination.
Appeals: 		Decision.
Commission: 	Order.

Schedules and pre-schedules ?
Scheduling has to ccpe with time zones.

Automatic processing of scheduling is a major requirement.
75 - 100 cases a week


Hearings capture and confirm current valid addresses.

Appeals must have a unique identifier superimposed 
on each non-blank page (sometimes front and back).
Note:  In hearings identification of the relevant 
document and page under discusion is a communication 
problem.

Accessibility for communication:
	Language preference
	Problems communicating via telephone
	Problems reading documents

Appeals must have an appeals "global calendar", that allows schedulers/method
 to see reserved periods for specific referee's.
Cases must be assigned based using constraints including:
geography/ zip-code range (likelihood of knowing the party's)
newbies

Calculation of due dates (30, 45, NN), plus reporting of elements/items
that are falling outside of those ranges.  Rules may vary, for
inclusion of holidays, business, days, etc.
Alerts and notifications, when processing windows enter
timeliness boundary's.  
This needs to be provided to referee's in the form of 
an ordered (prioritized, sortable) queue of the cases, in ideal timeliness order.
With the same view/capability for management etc.

Some cases need an interpreter...  
Other relevant special circumstances neds to be captured for use by the scheduling methods.
 
Appealable document should be improved to include information needed to 
help scheduling (interpreters) etc.

Developers create a list of interested parties ( currently in 4P ).
	Third parties (Attorneys etc)
	Employers
	Claimant
	???

Definition; Cases are 1, 2 party's with a pecuniary interest in 
the case, plus otherwise interested party's.  
These are used to send out copies of documents.  
There may be rules for how party's are identified.




Appeals will accept any "record", 
such as security videos.


Process:

An appeal, effectively includes all 
determinations that adversely affect Party, at that 
point in time.  Determinations after the appeal date, 
are not included by the appeals process.
Each appeal has a separate hearing (affects funding/fees)
Arrangements may be made to hear by the same Hearing Officer.
All appeals letters must eventually generate a decison or an order.
Timeliness decisions on issues may exclude them if not timely, but if in 
doubt a hearing may occur to deteremine timeliness.
15 days from mail date of the determination.
30 days to dispose of the case, to produce document
and post the decision.
Each unique issue gets a docket # with a suffix, 
each #+suffix gets a physical document folder.
Dockets include 412a, 412, 408, mainframe wage reports,
ivr transcripts.  Some is "sensitive", pornographic, etc.
Third party documents, anything submitted as evidence.

Acknowledgement letters are sent automatically; (done in batch overnight).
method workaround is not to start acknowledgment when tere is not time to 
enter all the Party's.  Additionally FAQ's, witness list, 
other customized content tailored and dependent on the case.

System prints a blank witness list as part of the doc.
The party owns responsibility to notify witnesses.

Case file's may be annotated that it may contain untimely items...
Hearings capture who showed up as witnesses (testified) in the text a of the decisions.

Business Events:
The claimant or the employer appeals a decision:
Post, Fax, by Hand to a local office (which can then do email)
Direct email is not (currently) accepted from a Party

Mail receipt ay detect posible duplicates, but not 
determine formally that it is a dup.

Developer determines if a duplicate appeals:
Duplicate document detection: ? (image)?
Duplicate appeal detection:  Same Employer, Claimant. 
Id's Claimant's SSN + Date of Appeal, 
+ Same Employer (if available) ?

Number of hearings, is the product of the numebr of issues and employers?
4P
Encoding ? (patterns)?

Current State
Received appeals are logged in a notebook.
Different physical logs, for each person receiving appeals
Three ring binder, used to confirm receipt
Process designed to avoid duplicate appeals

