
Proof of Concept.

General Logical Hierarchy of Investigation Determinations (Interview).
N.B. Not an algorithm or pseudo-code
N.B.  See main interview information Architecture diagram, for the overall information gathering sequence structure (not the same as the determination hierarchy).

FPR Employment Level Goals:
	For each Employment
		Employment: Determine whether the Employment's employer, is chargeable.
		Global: Zero Employment's have a chargeable employer.
		Global: Filing Categorization Encoding
			
	Determine whether the separation is :
		Qualifying or Disqualifying
		Either (But Excluded From Adjudication/NOD By KY UI Policy)
	
	If null input (No Employment Entered, Zero Instances)
		Confirm With claimant (may have pressed Submit early)
			Permit Re-Entry
		No Chargeable Employer
		No Monetary Eligibility Possibility? 
		Open Issue ? Place Stop?
		No Employment Separation Interview To Run

Candidate Design Notes:

Could infer employer instances.  Limitations ?	Allows separably exported Employers 


		
Logical Decomposition Hierarchy.

	Obtain a list of employers, falling within the period of interest:
		Employed on or before the Start Date of the Base Period
		Up to or Through the Filing Effective Date
Method: Entity Collection Screen + Categorization Rules.

	For each employer:
		Determine if Employer is a PCCE
			Method:  Data Entry + Rules
Determine if Candidate Chargeable Employer (CCE)
	May be PCCE, or Separated
	10 weeks employer (Rules show <= 10 Weeks (N – vacations)
	Method:  Data Entry Screen + Rules.
For each non PCCE
Determine the instances that meet the criteria for designation as:
First MRE Prior to FED, for Separation
First NMRE prior to MRE for Separation
First TWE before NMRE for Separation
			For Each Employer Designated (MRE, NMRE, TWE) in the sequence 
Complete the Separation Investigation, 
Exit after 
the first Separation conclusion is Reached, 
or no more TWE found (??? How many ???)
	Exception: 
If MRE is a PCCE, and
If NMRE is not a PCCE
Run the NMRE Separation interview.
3.
Deduce Filing Level 
Deduce Filing Level Decision Documents
Deduce Whether Countable
etc…



